README.md, before:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Jakob. I'm a dad, husband, software engineer, [cinephile](https://letterboxd.com/blueboxtraveler/), medieval history nerd, and probably a bit annoying at times.  I use this space as basically a scratch pad of things to remember.

### Professionally
In fancy terms, I'm a distributed systems engineer. But really, I just love tinkering with code and helping others tinker too.  I've spent most of my career working in open source infrastructure, and I expect to continue doing so.  For the bit where coders list, ex-all-the-places-they-have-been, mine is a nice list of fun companies: ex-[Lyft](https://www.lyft.com/)-[OfferUp](https://offerup.com/)-[Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/)-[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com)-[Yahoo!](https://www.yahoo.com).

At most of these companies, I was working directly or indirectly on Apache open source projects.  Accordingly, I've accumulated a fairly ridiculous number of titles within that organization.  I'm a Committer and PMC member on [Hadoop](https://hadoop.apache.org), [Kafka](htttps://kafka.apache.org), [Samza](htttps://samza.apache.org), [Airflow](htttps://airflow.apache.org) and [Giraph]((htttps://giraph.apache.org)) (emeritus).  After being involved in so many projects for so long, I was also voted a [Member](https://www.apache.org/foundation/governance/members.html) of the Foundation, which I appreciate.

I'm currently taking a small break after wrapping up my time at Lyft.  I'm considering what to do next, and am happy to chat with folks about that.  I enjoy doing open source, working in big and/or fast data, and am very intrigued by [webassembly](https://twitter.com/solomonstre/status/1111004913222324225) at the moment.  If you'd like to talk about this, feel free to reach out on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jghoman/).

I'm very cognizant of how life-changing a career in tech can be. For many, myself included, it's a first-class ticket up the opportunity ladder.  I want to make sure we extend this opportunity to as many people as we can, and I want to spend a chunk of my time doing my part.

<!--
**jghoman/jghoman** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Improve list of ex companies.

README.md, after:

### Hi there 👋

I'm Jakob. I'm a dad, husband, software engineer, [cinephile](https://letterboxd.com/blueboxtraveler/), medieval history nerd, and probably a bit annoying at times.  I use this space as basically a scratch pad of things to remember.

### Professionally
In fancy terms, I'm a distributed systems engineer. But really, I just love tinkering with code and helping others tinker too.  I've spent most of my career working in open source infrastructure, and I expect to continue doing so.  For the bit where coders list all the places they've been , like Bob Smith of the House of Facebook, mine is: ex-[Lyft](https://www.lyft.com/)-[OfferUp](https://offerup.com/)-[Microsoft](https://www.microsoft.com/)-[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com)-[Yahoo!](https://www.yahoo.com).

At most of these companies, I was working directly or indirectly on Apache open source projects.  Accordingly, I've accumulated a fairly ridiculous number of titles within that organization.  I'm a Committer and PMC member on [Hadoop](https://hadoop.apache.org), [Kafka](htttps://kafka.apache.org), [Samza](htttps://samza.apache.org), [Airflow](htttps://airflow.apache.org) and [Giraph]((htttps://giraph.apache.org)) (emeritus).  After being involved in so many projects for so long, I was also voted a [Member](https://www.apache.org/foundation/governance/members.html) of the Foundation, which I appreciate.

I'm currently taking a small break after wrapping up my time at Lyft.  I'm considering what to do next, and am happy to chat with folks about that.  I enjoy doing open source, working in big and/or fast data, and am very intrigued by [webassembly](https://twitter.com/solomonstre/status/1111004913222324225) at the moment.  If you'd like to talk about this, feel free to reach out on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jghoman/).

I'm very cognizant of how life-changing a career in tech can be. For many, myself included, it's a first-class ticket up the opportunity ladder.  I want to make sure we extend this opportunity to as many people as we can, and I want to spend a chunk of my time doing my part.

<!--
**jghoman/jghoman** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
